They go out for a while to help you grab 10.
Yuan
let go
Who are you nosy
I'm his boyfriend.
A boyfriend still comes out to play
That's really interesting.
I'm ready to drink
What do you say now?
Money, right?
That's enough!
roll
Are you okay? Why are you drinking so much?
Don't say you're my boyfriend
No matter what you do
I called you and you didn't answer.
You don't reply if you send a message.
Just a scum
I can't find another man yet
I didn't fail to reply to your message.
I am what I am
You just don't like me.
That's why you're still being nice to me
Why did he kiss me?
I'm not what that is
There's another reason.
I've just never been in a relationship.
I don't know how to face you
I just thought then